Add agent framework/throttling/hidden model/OS assistant and update conversational search documentation (#6354)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/memory-apis/delete-memory.md

---
layout: default
title: Delete memory
parent: Memory APIs
grand_parent: ML Commons APIs
nav_order: 30
---

# Delete a memory
**Introduced 2.12**
{: .label .label-purple }

> Deletes a memory based on the `memory_id`.

Author: ```suggestion
Use this API to delete a memory based on the `memory_id`.
```
